Canvas: Add option to disable the tooltip (#108196)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/canvas/index.md

Infinite panning is an experimental feature that may not work as expected in all scenarios. For example, elements that are not top-left constrained may experience unexpected movement when panning.
{{< /admonition >}}

### Tooltip options

> | Option                        | Description                                                               |
> | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | [Tooltip mode](#tooltip-mode) | Configure whether tooltips appear when hovering over the canvas elements. |
> 
> #### Tooltip mode
> 
> Controls the display of tooltips when hovering over elements in a canvas that are connected to data, data links, or actions.

Reviewer: Since there's only one option, let's not bother with the table and take out the h4 heading.

```suggestion
The **Tooltip mode** setting controls the display of tooltips when hovering over elements in a canvas that are connected to data, data links, or actions.
The options are:
```

> - **Enabled -** Show a tooltip when the cursor hovers over the element.
> - **Disabled -** Tooltips are not shown on hover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enabled** - Show a tooltip when the cursor hovers over an element.
- **Disabled** - Tooltips are not shown on hover.
```
